feat: add wrap and deprecate batch for wrap (#17)
Open-Attestation/open-attestation-cli: README.md

npx -p @govtechsg/open-attestation-cli open-attestation <arguments>
```

## Wrapping Documents

This command process all documents in the input directory and issue all of them in a single

> batch. It will then add the signature to the individual documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
batch. It will then add the issuance proofs to the individual documents.
```
